Lucius Aemon is [[Lucina Aemon]]'s older brother.

## Backstory
---

The Aemon family was originally in [[Adenville]] on [[Eloran]]. Lucius, the older brother of Lucina Aemon, was fueled by the motivation to protect his little sister but was always one of the weaker ones in his class. While he excelled in the physical department and had always been excellent as protecting his sister from any trouble that may come their way, his magical capabilities just weren't up to par with some of the other more inclined students. He realized that the world he was living in was dictated by magic, and vowed to become equally powerful in spellweaving as he was in combat.

When the opportunity arose to be the subject for an experiment that would result in the increase of his magical prowess, he took it. The doctors told him the chances of failure were low, that it would be safe. But the experiment went wrong. Lucius' body vehemently rejected the [[liselos]], leaving him sick, weak and disfigured. Despite Lucius' pleas, the experimentation didn't stop there. surgery after surgery, Lucius would be magically healed while his body tried to fight off the [[liselos]] infection. Lucina, as intrepid and curious as she was at that age, started asking questions. Lucina and Lucius had the habit of having lunch by the [[Adenville]] beach on saturdays, getting sandwiches at a nearby shop called the Bread's Bed and walking through [[Adenville]]. When Lucius didn't show up, she knew something was wrong. Her questions were answered with excuses and lies. Lucina was no longer a child, she knew that she had to investigate. She started mapping the school, looking for where her brother could be. She found secret entrances to a basement no one knew. She bid her time.

The day came. Lucina snuck into the basement, and what she saw left her in shock. Cells upon cells of people who called out her name, begged for her help. They looked sickly, thin and incredibly pale. What where they doing to these people? Some corpses littered the walls even, the smell of death unmistakable. The cells seemed to go on forever, but Lucina knew that she had to find her brother. It wasn't long before she recognized Lucius. He had been her pillar for so long, someone to look up to. He laid on the dirty basement floor, barely conscious, dirty and sickly. Lucina tried her best to wake her brother up, to free him, but she was too weak. She promised him she would save him.

She left before she was caught. But the question remained, how would she save her brother? She decided her best chance was to attempt a break-out. She went back to the basement. She had managed to steal the keys from the guard that usually falls asleep after his third ale, two hours into his shift. She freed the prisoners one by one. Most of them were too weak to stand, but some of them had this odd energy to them that they didn't have a week ago when she first came. They seemed unstable, angry, but capable. Lucius was the same. He was back to his old self, if a bit thinner and angrier. She hugged her brother like it would be the last time. "Thank you for remembering me Luci." He said. They had assembled a rag-tag group of students at different stages of this experiment. Many were dead. Many were ill. But some survived and were capable of fighting. This was their chance to escape.

The team started sneaking past the way that Lucina came in. They were close. The edge of the staircase was in view, when one of the students collapsed. He fell hard onto the cobblestone floor. Lucina tried to pick him up, to save him. "Just leave him!" Lucius whispered. "No! What if they kill him?". "He's as good as dead! Leave him!" It was too late. The guard had woken up, and called for reinforcements. The fight broke out. Guards poured down the stairs as the students attempted to break through. The students were held at bay. And the fight stagnated before a half-elven woman of silver hair walked down the stairs. [[Vespera Argent]]. The world stopped.

She clicked her tongue as everything around her froze. "The children of [[Sola|The Sunmother]] must live under her light in peace. I thought I taught you this?" She walked around every single person. As soon as she touched them, they disappeared, and a scream was heard, a loud thud. Tears rolled down Lucina's cheek as she approached her. She didn't say a word before Lucina was instantly thrown into a cell. She felt her arm and her ribs snap under the speed as she hit the cobblestone wall.

Lucina was still paralyzed, and Vespera came to her cell. Before she knew it, she was knocked out cold. She wouldn't remember any of the days events. Lucius knew it was his time. He didn't have long before he would forget, be chained, be dead. The [[liselos]] had made him much more powerful than before. He was no longer paralyzed. He pretended like he was before Vespera came. It was his time. He was never able to teleport before, no matter how much he practiced but it came naturally to him there. He turned himself invisible, teleported out and ran. He found his sister. "Lucina? Run." Barely conscious, he healed her just enough. He turned her invisible too. It wouldn't be enough, Vespera would find her. He needed to distract her. While she ran, he went back to his cell. He fought her as soon as she came into view. Lucina ran and managed to flee.

He was left to the wolves at the academy. The experimentation went even further, disfiguring him even more and making him a powerful but unstable and angry spellweaver. His skin went from his native purple to a sickly green undertone with his veins forming rivers of yellow. His eyes were also now a bright emerald green. They were planning on making him a war zombie, a tool to be possessed and used. Thankfully, the [[Order of the Black Sun]] recruited him before that happened. The order made him see the light. They showed him that there were many just like him, seeking power but being given madness or death, having their memories manipulated.

## Death
---
Murdered in combat against [[Cheetoh's Angels]] on their mission to protect the tome of war of [[The Books of Genesis]]. 