
## The Myth of the Planewalker

---
The Planewalker is a woman of legend, said to be born from a [[Titan]]'s corpse after [[The Thousand Year Winter]], inheriting the Titan's powers. She is said to be at the origin of magical power in humans. With the influence of The Sunmother, [[Sola]] and her extraordinary powers, she ruled over the first human settlements in the Ashir valley and led them to the light. Supposedly, the Ashirs are descendants of the Planewalker.

  
## The Legacy of the Planewalker
---

The Planewalker was not birthed from the Thousand Year Winter, she was the cause of it. She ended the world and birthed it. During the Titanic Age, the Planewalker, Aylin Ashir, was a researcher for one of the many city-states that populated [[Vostera]]. Her research was focused on [[Aetherology]], the study of minerals and rocks that seemed to interact with magic. Her husband, [[Roshan Hunfrid]], was a researcher on titan biology. He discovered that [[titans]], while not fully conscious could feel pain and suffering as well as pleasure and desire. He was pressured to keep his findings secret and destroy his findings as [[titans]] were being used as machines of war or power sources, and these new findings would not go down well with the public. He was ready to give up to the governmental forces pressuring him and his research, but Aylin is stubborn, and believed that it was their duty to change the world for the better and protect the [[Titans]] with their research. Roshan was murdered in cold blood, his research burnt to the ground. Absolutely furious, Aylin fast forwarded her research until she discovered a way to make a very, very potent anti magic bomb using the aetherates.

A previous civilization where everyone was able to use magic lived in relative harmony. [[Titans]] roamed Vostera alongside humanoids. But, when the humanoids discovered the incredible quantities of magical power in the [[titans]], Vostera devolved into war and conflict competing for the these [[titans]]. A woman named Aylin Ashir, took matters into her own hands and created an extremely powerful bomb after her husband was assassinated for political reasons. This bomb combined the powers of two other [[titans]], funneled them into a third one, and was dropped in the center of the capital of this old empire. The bomb exploded and caused a nuclear winter that eradicated almost all life on Vostera. This bomb also caused the aetheric plane (the plane where aether or magical power is sourced from) to be severely scarred and effectively stripped of its power. Aylin took a Noah's Ark of sorts, humanoids of all sorts and casted what she thought would be the last spell on Vostera, transporting herself and all others into a pocket plane where time was accelerated.

Moments later, approximately a thousand years had passed. She raised all the human kids in the Ashir valley, before sending them off to explore when they were grown enough. Decades passed. As Aylin is on her deathbed, a strange sensation comes back to her. The weave! The aetheric plane had healed, even a miniscule amount. What felt like sailor's ropes before the bomb were now cobwebs, but still, she felt it. The aether was back, like a cockroach that would never die. This was a disaster, her whole intent was to create a world without the inherent greed for aether. So, in her nights, she feverishly wrote down everything she knew. All the technology and information needed to kickstart a civilization, and in the final tome of these books, instructions on how to build another aetheric bomb if need be. She entrusted her daughter Nora, to carry out her plan. If the aether couldn't be stopped, maybe it could be controlled.

Nora was to create and lead an empire, that would control, subjugate, and keep spellcasters in check. She was to propagate the myth of the gods, to give spellcasters someone to hold accountable to. She was to keep dangerous and powerful spells hidden for as long as possible. In her dying breaths, Aylin gave her daughter Nora the power of the weave and the books she had written, and the first spellcaster and Ashirian emperor was born. Nora then created the acedemy, an organization that would help her curb the ressurgeance of the weave by keeping a veil of lies and ignorance over Vostera. But, some disagreed with her methods and her plan, and had already settled on their own land. So she did her best to conquer as much land as possible. Centuries later, and the Ashir empire is successful, but not complete. Despite the advantage of the books and the powers gifted to them, there was simply not enough people to use as soldiers, they were stretched too thin. So they waited, before they expanded again, conquering the whole continent.

Now, here's the question mark, is what happened to those books, the books of genesis. Something happens, but I don't know what. The end result, is that there are now two competing factions that constitute two villains in this campaign. One of them is Vespera, who believes it is her duty to re-enact Aylin's wishes and needs to complete the Ashirian expansion so the academy can have full control over Vostera and curb the re-emergence of the weave as much as possible. The other is the order of the black sun, cultists of Aylin, who believe that the right solution is to start again and build and etheric bomb. What happened so that both parties know what's at stake. Also, keep in mind that the order of the black sun needs the last tome of the book containing the instructions on how to construct the etheric bomb in order to restart the world and complete their objective.

## Death
128 AP