Aria is the goddess of spring, of art, of rebirth, of politics, of change and metamorphosis. She is the only known god of the Ashirian Pantheon that is of mortal origin.

## Origin
---

The legend says that in the olden days, [[Layla]] took on a mortal form to indulge in a hunt on a moonless night, enjoying the absence of her sister to the fullest. On her hunt, she witnessed a mortal sitting and writing by candlelight on the edge of a lake. It wasn't the first time that [[Layla]] saw a mortal, but it was the first time she's seen one so beautiful. Her thick wavy hair tied in a ponytail reflected the amber light of the candle like waves under the moonlight. Beyond her appearance, the mortal did something Layla had never witnessed before. She sung. And her voice, clear as the rivers of the Shimmerpeak alps, carried the mortal's song through the woods. Entranced, Layla took the form of a rabbit to sneak up on her and listen to the mortal's song from up close. For months, Layla would take on the form of different animals to come back on the moonless nights to revel in the song and poetry of this mortal.

Eventually, [[Layla]] couldn't take the secrecy of her identity anymore and chose to reveal herself in her humanoid form. The mortal, out of surprise, fell into the lake she was standing next to. [[Layla]] rescued her and found out her name, Aria. From there, their love grew and flourished through the years, mostly as a secret from the other gods. They fell in love just as [[Lua]] and [[Ma'at]] did, hard and forever.

But, as Aria was mortal, came the time like all other mortals to meet their fate, [[Ma'at]] visited her in the night and cut the thread of fate that tied her to the material plane. On her way to the planes beyond, Aria sang. She sang about her undying, powerful and passionate love for Layla. Her song so powerful, stories so captivating, paintings so beautiful and expressive [[Ma'at]] was reminded of his love for Lua and could not help but think of what he would do if Lua was mortal. When Layla came to him to beg for him to release her mortal form from his web, [[Ma'at]]'s heart wavered. Many people have tried to beg [[Ma'at]] for their loved ones, but Aria didn't beg. She simply sang. [[Ma'at]] couldn't release her mortal form but he proposed a different solution. Aria was to sing to the gods as she sang for Layla and [[Ma'at]] before them, and [[Ma'at]] could push for her to be edified into a goddess herself.

And so [[Ma'at]] showed the celestial council Aria's creations. As the other gods before them, the remaining pantheon was struck by the soul and love Aria poured into her song. [[Mila]] was particularly enamored, calling her works a testament to the existence of true love. Very little debate had to be done by the council as she was edified into a goddess. Aria became the first mortal to survive [[Ma'at]]'s thread and the first mortal to ascend to godship.

## Philosophy
---
Aria's philosophy is one of change, metamorphosis and creativity. Aria's core beliefs are that the world around us exists for us to experience it and change it, through our individual experiences and expressions. Aria's followers believe that the world surrounding them must be changed for the better, whether through art, self-improvement or politics. They believe the greatest gift given to them by the divine is the power of creation. Music, art, writing, are just as magical as a spell, with the power to inspire others, to motivate change, and to convince minds. This puts Aria's philosophies at odds with Lua's, who sees change as a cycle and an essentialist part of life as opposed to one fueled by mortal creation. Because of her transformative philosophies, Aria is also associated with ideas of rebirth and spring. While generally peaceful, Aria's philosophies are not passive or pacifistic. Change needs to be fought for and is always at least somewhat painful. If given a choice, Aria's followers would rather attempt to convince rather than to fight, but sometimes, art is not enough, and Aria's dogma is permissive of this fact.

## Cult

---
The cult of Aria is a dynamic and diverse community, comprising artists, musicians, activists, thinkers, and individuals who seek to bring about positive change through the power of art and politics. They believe that Aria's influence can be harnessed to create a world that celebrates creativity and encourages change for the better.