## Hemlock's dream 
 - EYE
 - Flapping of flags, dry cold imari wind. The sound of a leather tent opening and closing. 
 - A familiar elven face with gray hair walks through 
 - There's a silence as the other sergeants in the tent cut the small talk
 - 
"I have been told the Imari forces have started digging into their trenches and reinforced their position over the hilly southern side of Ardora's Tower. Their height advantage proximity to fort goria has made it difficult for us to advance any further into their territory without losing a significant amount of men. I understand you have been here for 3 months and that morale is starting to crumble. I am here to move things along. My approach will ne significantly more swift than Lieutenant Vixal's. Ardora's tower has been a significant thorn in your sides, with spellcasters holed into a protected tower with full field of view of our approaches. The spellcasters you had besides you" - as she points to some peacekeepers with a black mask instead of their usual white one. "Are still a bit inexperienced in their combat tactics, and I am here to assure you that this is going to change. We are going to coordinate a mounted attack onto Ardora's tower using a new spell I have devised. This spell is powerful, and will neutralize the vast majority of spellcasters present in the tower. It will cast a blanket of silence and of aetheric darkness over the tower, making it impossible for inexperienced spellcasters to cast any spells, and the darkess will provide cover for our squads to close the distance without taking too many casualties. However, this spell requires multiple of my troops to concentrate on it constantly. This means we will need the bodies of the empire corps to cover for the academy corps. " The sound of the tent flap rolling with the wind is deafening as the air becomes heavy. "I know that some of you are distrustful of the academy corps, Many of you have seen firsthand your comrades perish to the hands of spellcasters. Many of you do not fully understand aether, how it is manipulated and processed to cast spells. It is a complex and secretive art. However the academy corps and peacekeepers are your fellow Ashirians. They wish for you and your comrades to survive just as much as you do. I am personally working on thinning the line in between the two corps, and this mission will be the first of its kind with full cooperation in between both. We will be assigning a peacekeeper to every squadron in this operation." Murmurs take over the tent. "If this operation is a success, the chances of further cooperation are high. The idea behind this operation is simple. Platoons one and three will be mounting a frontal assault on the tower's east and west side respectively They will each be escorting a spellcasting peacekeeper who will be concentrating on this new spell. This while provide cover to  squads Hemlock, Danso and Addai, who once the spell covers the tower, will be charged with infiltrating the tower and neutralizing all threats within, by steel. " More explaining of the plan.
- "Lieutenant Argent?" 
- "That's Commander to you sergeant."
- "Commander, isn't three squadrons optimistic to carry out the full neutralization of the tower? What if the spell fails, they would be trapped in a tight space against their mages, it would be... "
- "It won't fail. And even if it did, I will be trailing the three squadrons personally and will oversee that their mission is a success with minimal cost. I assure you that the tower will fall, and I will keep your precious junior sergeants safe."
As she says that, a burning white eye flashes onto her face, similar to the one you had just seen earlier. 
- I suggest you focus on your part of the mission lieutenant Greaves. Now, go get ready and debrief your squads. We start at dawn tomorrow.
A blur of scenes rush past you. You remember the worried faces of your squad as they accept a newly graduated peacekeeper amongst their troops, the quiet and faceless black mask the odd one out.  The morning comes, and you hear the beat of your heart in your eardrums. The only thing you hear. You can barely see your own feet, clouded in a dark, inky smoke that bellow under your feet with each step. Heartbeat. You maneuver your squad through the darkness. The tower is in front of you. The heavy reinforced wooden door stand in front of you. The other squads arrive there, but something feels off. You start ramming the door. It doesn't budge. You inspect it more carefully. There's an enchantment on it. You signal to the peacekeeper on your squad to unlock it. He can't. The deafening silence in your ear grows louder, the sound of every organ in your body overwhelming. You hadn't even gotten into the tower and the mission had already failed. You ready a flare and shoot it, straight up. Red, the mission was compromised. You look towards your squad, and you read their faces, you see a variety of expressions; fear, focus, anxiety, determination, bloodlust. What does hemlock feel? 
You see a trail of disturbed smoke go across your field of vision. Your eyes focus, and a glimmer of silver catches your eye. A javelin lies jammed in front of the door, like a flag planted into the ground at an angle. A small bead of orange pulses on the head of the Javelin. Your heartbeat grows overwhelmingly loud. An explosion, green flames cover your view. The last thing you see is the tower falling to pieces, as a it crumbles and a rock splatters the skull of sergeant Danso onto your cheek, you wake up. 